# Chatbot
a Student Information Chatbot system that is hosted in the cloud:     The following are the capabilities that the chatbot for this project should have:     Here are some Details:     An artificial algorithm is used in the construction of a student bot project. This algorithm interprets user messages and analyzes the user's inquiries. This System is an application that runs on the web and responds with a response to the question posed by the student. The only thing the students need to do is send their questions through the bot that is utilized for talking. Students are free to converse in any format they choose; there is no prescribed structure that users are expected to adhere to. In order to respond to the question, the system makes use of the artificial intelligence that is incorporated within it. The responses are pertinent to the questions asked by the user. If the user believes the answer to be erroneous, all they have to do is click the button labeled "Invalid Answer," and the system will alert the administrator to the inaccurate response.     Through the portal, an administrator can login to view an invalid answer. The system gives the admin the option to either delete the incorrect answer or add a new one that is more specific to the equivalent query.     Through the use of the system, the User is able to query any college-related actions. It is not necessary for the user to make a personal trip to the campus in order to inquire about something. The question is analyzed by the system, which then provides an answer to the user. The response that the algorithm provides to the question is written as though it were written by a person.     The question that was posed by the students was addressed by the system using the assistance of artificial intelligence. The user receives responses from the system through an intuitive graphical user interface that gives the impression that a real person is conversing with them. With the assistance of this web application, the user is able to conduct online research concerning activities associated with the college.The student can stay informed about what's going on at the college with the help of this system.     Deploy your web application that is integrated with artificial intelligence in a cloud platform to make it cloud-based. You are free to use any cloud platform, including AWS, GCP, Heroku, and so on.
